
General Intelligence

Semantic Analogy
Symbolic operations
Symbolic/Number Analogy
Number Series
Embedded figures
Figural Series
Critical Thinking
Problem Solving etc


English Language

Fill in the Blanks
Synonyms/Homonyms
Antonyms
Spellings/Detecting Miss spelt words
Active/Passive Voice
Verbs, Idioms & Phrases
One word substitution etc


General Awareness
History
Culture Geography
Economic Scene
General policy
Scientific research etc



Quantitative Aptitude
Time and distance
Time and work
Averages
Simple and Compound Interest
Profit and Loss
Discount
Partnership Business
Mixture
Trigonometry
Menstruation
Geometry
Node.js,Express.js,AngularJS,MongoDB from University Of MongoDB and Code School.
I am looking forward to work as a Full Stack Developer in Product based startups where I can find some challenging tasks that can enhance my knowledge so that I will give my the best to my Employers.


(Manager’s Name)

HR Manager

Company Name



Date 03 April 2016

Dear Sir

This email is in regards to my interest in applying for the Full Stack Developer position recently posted through hirist website. With my skill-set and competencies I am more than able to investigate several forensic examination processes and monitor security systems for multiple fortune 500 companies.

While pursuing B.Tech Degree in Computer Science and Engineering from Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology College, I have developed skills  as a Full Stack Developer in MEAN Stack ,Javascript,AJAX.

I started my career as an Information Security Intern with Chicago Government in May 2011. Working under the direction of senior members, I monitored the overall security of the system and investigated likely loopholes. Utilizing my academic and professional knowledge, I dedicated two years with Technology Smart while working in the capacity of Network Operations Center Monitoring Technician. Here I gained an opportunity to work in a Datacenter environment, improve existing documentation systems and implement stringent measures to improve the overall network security.

I currently work as a Security Operations Center Security Analyst with Security Professionals Inc., where I have been able to further strengthen my technical acumen.

I have attached my resume highlighting my academic and professional skills and look forward to hearing from you in due course.

Yours sincerely
Siddhant Srivastava
Vivekanand Hostel,KIET College
13 km milestone,Ghaziabad-Meerut Road
Ghaziabad
8375960969
sidd40401@gmail.com